It’s really done to death.
You have already worked hard,
Don't dare to forget, you are really in a good mood,
It is to let the characteristics catch you, those thoughts of his,
explain. Then let that characteristic come over and catch me,
OK, you wait,
When he faces you, you are the only one in the mood.
Come over here and hurry up.
I looked at them and played with them,
The characteristic response was to arrest him immediately.
Move that to the dark prison,
Ah, he knows this lie,
Queen, please give me a quick blow, we can think of it.
Among kings, don’t pay attention,
Let's see how they perform, this
We are still practicing
Do you know how powerful special is?
We have forgotten the so-called
The special thing is not only expressive, but also indistinguishable.
Not up to the dark standard of not being heavy
A special one
We just need to counterattack
Just pick one hahaha
I'm so scared
They two, right?
Call Shanxi immediately
Leave my in-laws alone
Then give Lao Xing a try
I let you say goodbye